<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

		<b:panel look="info">
			<f:facet name="heading">
				<b>Attributes of &lt;b:iconAwesome &gt;</b>
			</f:facet>
			<table class="table table-striped table-hover"
				style="background-color: #fff">
				<thead>
					<tr>
						<th>Attribute</th>
						<th>Default value</th>
						<th>Description</th>
					</tr>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<tr>
					    <td>addon</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Boolean value: if true the element is used as Addon.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>binding</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>An el expression referring to a server side UIComponent instance in a backing bean.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>flip</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Flip the icon: can be H (horizontal) or V (vertical).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>id</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>name</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Icon name, mandatory.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>rendered</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false component will not be rendered.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>rotate</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Rotate 90 degrees the icon: Can be L,R.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>size</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Icon Size: legal values are lg, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>spin</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Boolean value: if true the icon will spin.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>style</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Inline style</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>styleClass</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>CSS style class</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltip</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelay</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelayHide</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelayShow</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipPosition</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
		</b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
